hello everybody and welcome to this
scouting report on Dan hi here with Matt
Doyle and today we're previewing the
2014 regular season for the new york red
bulls Matt this is a team that obviously
won the supporters shield in 2013 and
that was without really a settled first
11 to me that showed more than anything
their depth in their versatility is that
going to be a strength or those two
factors going to be a strength once
again in 2014 I think it will because
their most important player Tim Cahill
is very versatile up in and of himself
he has spent a lot of time I think as a
false nine kind of as a front-runner but
dropping into midfield to help play make
help with possession as well but then
when they really are desperate for a
goal he could drop into central midfield
bring out another striker you don't see
that look from a lot of players in MLS
and of course they have a lot of answers
on the wings this year answers they
didn't necessarily have for the duration
of last season so yeah this is going to
be a pretty versatile team but I think
primarily it's a four four two team
they're going to stick with what they do
well what won them the supporters shield
last year now one man that was a regular
fixture of their starting 11 was Markus
Holgersson in fact no outfield player
appeared for more minutes in 2013 for
the Red Bulls then Holgorsen did he's
gone as his Brandon barklidge he started
more games at right-back than anyone
else for the Red Bulls last year those
are two big holes to fill on the back
line do they have the pieces to do so
seamlessly I think they do in Richard
Eckersley who I think when he is
surrounded by quality can be a very good
right back in this league maybe not
worth what Toronto FC were paying him
but New York that pain him the same
thing and of course they got the
Spaniard Armando rosano to Lozano Lozano
sorry too plain textin I'm thinking of
our co-worker Nick Rossano he will be
playing probably from the start right
next to high Matheson Allah made of
course we haven't seen Lozano play quite
yet but he has a good pedigree he should
fit in and really those are the only
changes for New York this year this has
been an unprecedented offseason of
stability which I think more than
anything else that's what's going to
help this team and oh yeah their plan
for thierry henry's probably his last
year as well so I think there's going to
be some extra motivation for our team
that's been together for a little
now so with the consistency and
versatility and depth in mind does that
mean they're the frontrunner to repeat
as supporters shield favorites no look
they're they're very very good and
they'll be in the mix but i think it's
Sporting KC and then maybe everybody
else a half step down going into the
2014 season that said I think a lot of
people felt the same way last year as
well and it was New York who came away
with the regular season title they'll
aim for that again they should aim for
that again because they do have the
pieces to make a really really good run
at defending their title all right we'll
find out how it starts on march eight in
Vancouver that one kicks off at seven
thirty p.m. Eastern in Canada you can
watch it on TSN and in the state's it's
on mls live
I